# theKittyCoop
Tech Spec's:
HTML
CSS
JAVASCRIPT
Socialble Kit API 
Google Fonts
JQuery UI
Project Website displaying a shop where you can adopt a new cat.

The FrontPage mimicking a landing page where you would be brought had you typed in the potential URL of kittycoop.com. You are prompted for a username and password. (Credentials:truesellj & password). If the username and password match then the content on this page is displayed. The website showcases some Google Fonts. Below the page heading is a Japanese cat emoticon and that serves as the navigation menu, this is implemented through JQuery UI. To access the menu options you must hover over the emoticon. The background of this section of the website was given a slight opacity value to continue to showcase the cat themed background behind it and also to bring continuity and ease of viewing at the same time. Filler text was user (Lorem ispum) to mock up what potential text may look like is a real world scenario. An image of the "owners" is floated left. The border-radius of the container that the main content is in is rounded to a slight 1% to take the edge off the sharpness of the standard look. A second section was included so the page would not look too minimal and in that there is some filler text and an "adoptee" image that is floated right.
Following that there is a header rule to break up the section, and then a embedded Youtube video with a message from the "owners". Both of these two sections are displayed in a vertically aligned FlexBox. Finally there is a RSS API at the bottom that displays the headlines from NPR from Sociable Kit (https://www.sociablekit.com/app/login/).

On the Adopt page the first section of the page is a verticaly aligned flexbox and the second section is of the grid type. I used a solid gray background which I thought would match the background imaged colors of black and white which is also a cat themed background to stick with the theme of the site. Again the cat emoticon serves as the navigation menu upon hovering over it followed by some filler text. In the grid section diplaying the list of "adoptees" Each cat is given a name which doubles as a link that would theoretically go to an adoption form or more information on the adoptee. Here though it doesn't go anywhere but still works, for example Grumpy does go to Mozilla.Com. For each cat there is also a short description. 

For the final page I emulated a contact page. The main content area I went back to using a background with some opacity that matches the look of the background image. For this page and the homepage I went out of the way to make sure the background had some opacity, but that the text did not and was solid as normal text is. The kitty emoticon is again the menu even though it is a different emoticon. The hours of operation are listed in a Table. 
There is a form here on this page right under "contact us". It include 5 fields all of a particular type including the types of email, telephone number, and date. There is another button but it acts as a dropdown to select the preferred contact method. Once the preferred contact method is selected, JavaScript is called on to create a child node of the form that writes in red text what the user selected as the preferred contact method. The user can fill out their information in the fields and select the "send" button, if the user's First Name doesn't include and special characters (outside of A-Za-z0-9) then the user will get an alert that they will be contacted by their selected date. If it does contain special characters then they will receive an alert that their entry contained invalid characters and to please try again. This is done via JavaScript called once the 'send' button is selected using RegEx. Lastly there is a foot showing the address of the adoption place's location. 

